# Week 1
Jan 6 - Jan 12

## Goals

**Work**

- [ ] Use MS To-Do for all tasks
- [ ] Verify all USP drawings

----

I made a concerted effort to use MS To-Do.  Overall I liked the integration with
Outlook, ability to plan events and create lists and groups.  I was able to
complete deltas for 8 of 11 models.  The plant is verifying those deltas now.  Remainder is waiting on dwgs from designer.

**Personal**

- [ ] finish game
- [ ]

----

I did not work on the game this week. I focused instead on the Django course and completed the initial project and half of the portfolio project. (50% of the course by number of videos).

## Notes

#### Mon - Jan 6

**W**

- completed USP Simplex material list and bom comparison
	- **next steps:**
	- update sap

**P**

- started Udemy Django course
- finished project 1 - 'word count' web page with Django
- finished brim on my PyCon Hat

#### Tue - Jan 7

**W**

- started USP Multiplex dwgs, material list not compiled fully; waiting on new list from Walt
- Acquired rights to change boms at P90
- Trainied with Julia on bom manipulation

**P**

- set up Django Project 2 - blog
- finished empty rows on PyCon hat, started colorwork

#### Wed -  ####

**W**

- compiled deltas on USP Simplex and sent to Tony P for verification
- completed NSAP Cutover training


**P**

- messed up Django Porject 2 - will need to rebuild tomorrow
- completed 2 rounds of pattern on PyCon Hat

#### Thu -  ####

**W**

- verified USP 3 vessel system bom, Walt to create compiled list for 4, 6 & 8


**P**

- restarted Django portfolio
	- created Job app
	- created postgreSQL db

#### Fri -  ####

**W**

- created BOM cost script using .csv bom and zcost_acc export
- verified USP 4 vessel system
- created Master Recipe for PTSDGSOFTNER

- #### error with creating Master Recipe, do not have authorization to maintain bom ####

**P**

- cleaned up personal Gmail account
- celebrate Nathan and I getting into NIU!!!
- Django

	- created home page with tiles and NavBar
	- enable for loop for all 'jobs' in db
	- set up blog urls and created blog landing page, no formatting

- specked out home office

#### Sat -  ####

**P**

- Django

	- created blog model

#### Sun -  ####

**P**
