---
created: 2020-01-13T15:17:48-06:00
mod: 2020-01-18T23:04:56-06:00
title: 02.md
---

# Week 2
Jan 13th - Jan 19th, 2020

## Goals

**Work**

- [ ] Get the USP line completed - _still waiting on plant_
- [ ] Gain Rights to link bom in SAP
- [x] PowerPoint for Viveca meeting

----

Completed all the work I could on the USP line.  Awaiting remarks from plant 90 before proceeding.  I did not dig into the SAP issue. Completed PPT on Friday and sent it off for review.  Made some changes Sunday night, and will finish Monday am.

**Personal**

- [ ] Finish my PyCon hat
- [ ] Send gift to Donna - _almost done_
- [x] Polish Django Blog

----

I prepped and framed the gift for Donna and wrote out the card.  Will mail it Monday.  Got the basic blog working in Django, implemented a different .css and theme from the one the instructor used.  Also decided that I should build an API to make uploading content more like the git style I am accustomed to.

## Notes

#### Mon -  ####

**W**

- Reviewed SAP Engineering Documentation how-to guides in prep for meeting with Walt
- corrected PTSDGSOFTNER bom
- reviewed 4 vessel USP system
- coalesced 2, 3 and 4 vessel systems

**P**

- found android .md editor that works with GitHub, enables editing of this journal from my phone
- learned the difference between ~git clone~ and ~git remote add~
	- git clone - will pull down an existing repo into a new directory
	- git remote add - will add the remote as a source to the existing local repo.  
		You will have to git fetch and merge manually
- Django
	- created static files
	- set picture on homepage
	- set 'resume' to download from Resume title bar link


#### Tue -  ####

**W**

- lead ESD weekly meeting (consider consolidating with Carlos' meeting)
- walk through of FPF reporting in Pune with Garrett
- reviewed current document control process in SAP with Walt
- consolidated missing RO parts for 2L & 3L units

**P**

- morning elliptical and heavy squat/dl pyramid after work
- washed clothes and cleaned up

#### Wed -  ####

**W**

- Gave SAP names to missing parts RO 2L & 3L
- completed "new part setup form" for missing parts
- Sent missing parts to get quotes
- discussed implications of cost roll with M. Kelliher  

**P**

- learned how to make bread with Nathan

#### Thu -  ####

**W**

- Updated simplex boms in SAP
- updated `Inventory_Analysis.py` to incorporate component part description, qty and cost in addition to the existing 'total cost to inventory'

**P**

- read up on git patch and git cherry-pick
- worked on Inventory Analysis output
- cooked dinner

#### Fri -  ####

**W**

* Finished PPT for tuesday's meeting with Viveca

**P**

* Finished part 2 of Django Course
* Modified portfolio to have goals section. (need to work on markdown formatting)


#### Sat -  ####

**P**

- implemented new theme in django portfolio project
- enabled markdown style view
- created rest api for user and group mngt
- cleaned soap scum from sinks

#### Sun -  ####

**P**

- made bread!
- completed first 5 sections of [Mastering Django Part 1](https://www.udemy.com/course/mastering-django-part-1-forms-class-based-views-ajax)
	- This will help implement an API on my `LIFE.py` project to be able to push blogs with a POST instead of the admin Page
	- also looking at a REST course

[Home Page](https://ch3ck3rs.github.io/Goals)
